Reorder exclusion filters + finer sampling rates (#4480)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/logging_without_limits.md

**Filter**: `image_name:*httpd*`

## Reorder filters

> Order matters for exlcusion filters. And contrary to pipelines where a log can be processed by several pipelines, if a log matches several exclusion filters, only the first exclusion filter rule is applied. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Order matters for exlcusion filters. And contrary to pipelines where a log can be processed by several pipelines, if a log matches several exclusion filters, only the first exclusion filter rule is applied. 
```
```suggestion
Order matters for exclusion filters. And contrary to where several pipelines can process a log, if a log matches several exclusion filters, only the first exclusion filter rule is applied. 
```

> Reorder your pipeline to make sure the proper exclusion filter will applies for your log. For instance, you probably want to setup the filters with the most inclusive queries after the others. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reorder your pipeline to make sure the proper exclusion filters applies for your log. For instance, you probably want to set up the filters with the most inclusive queries after the others. 
```

> To reorder your exclusion filter, just drag and drop them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reorder your exclusion filter, drag and drop them into your preferred order.
```
